new to the theory of gravity could in
principle be used for a GPS system but
the accuracy would be on the level of to
the nearest few hundred meters or so
something like that GPS programs with
general relativity is capable of a
resolution or accuracy of millimeters
but whatever the kind of knowledge and
there are two basic kinds explanatory
and genetic it is rather often the case
that predictions even in principle
cannot be made and the theory will tell
us why Darwinism for example explains
why we cannot predict what kind of
creatures will evolve because the
process is blind the mutations are as
random as anything can in this universe
be random